Update guild features (#520)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/guild.mdx

| NON_COMMUNITY_RAID_ALERTS                              | Non-community guild is opted-in to raid alerts                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| PARTNERED                                              | Guild is [partnered with Discord](https://discord.com/partners)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| PIN_PERMISSION_MIGRATION_COMPLETE                      | Guild has migrated to the new message pin permission                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | POWERUP_BETA_FEATURES                                  | Guild has access to server boost perks that are in beta                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| POWERUP_BETA_FEATURES                                  | Guild has access to guild powerups that are in beta                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```
